MIT License+

Copyright (c) 2025 Kane Bezadas

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

Additional Disclaimers:

The use of this Software may violate the terms of service of the game for which
it is intended. The Authors and Copyright Holders expressly disclaim any
liability for any legal consequences that may arise from the use of this
Software. Users are solely responsible for ensuring that their use of the
Software complies with all applicable laws, regulations, and terms of service.

The Authors and Copyright Holders do not endorse, encourage, or condone the use
of this Software for any illegal, unethical, or unauthorized purposes. Users
acknowledge and agree that any such use is strictly prohibited and may result
in legal action.

Users agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless the Authors and Copyright
Holders from and against any and all claims, damages, liabilities, costs, and
expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising from or related to the
use of the Software.

The Authors and Copyright Holders make no representations or warranties,
express or implied, regarding the functionality, performance, or suitability of
the Software for any particular purpose. Users assume all risks associated with
the use of the Software.

The Authors and Copyright Holders reserve the right to terminate this license
at any time without notice if, in their sole discretion, they determine that
the use of the Software violates any applicable laws, regulations, or terms of
service.

By using this Software, Users acknowledge that they have read, understood, and
agreed to these disclaimers and that they assume all risks associated with the
use of the Software.
